docs: rebranding to the Identus, OEA->ICA (#1081)
hyperledger/identus-cloud-agent: SECURITY.md

# Reporting Security Issues

The Identus Cloud Agent (ICA) team and community take security bugs in the components of the ICA ecosystem seriously. We appreciate your efforts to disclose your findings responsibly and will make every effort to acknowledge your contributions.

To report a security issue, please use the GitHub Security Advisory ["Report a Vulnerability"](https://github.com/hyperledger/identus-cloud-agent/security/advisories/new) tab.

> The Identus's team will send a response indicating the next steps in handling your report. After the initial reply to your report, the security team will keep you informed of the progress towards a fix and full announcement, and may ask for additional information or guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Identus maintainers will send a response indicating the next steps in handling your report. After the initial reply to your report, the security team will keep you informed of the progress towards a fix and full announcement, and may ask for additional information or guidance.
```
